README.md, before:

# README #

This is cc1541 v2.0, a tool for creating Commodore 1541 Floppy disk images in D64, G64 or D71 format with custom sector interleaving etc. Also supports extended tracks 35-40 using either SPEED DOS or DOLPHIN DOS BAM-formatting.

Originally written by JackAsser, with improvements and fixes by Krill and some more improvements by Claus.

The folder test_cc1541 contains a simple test suite that will call a cc1541 binary with different commandlines and examine the resulting image file.

The program is under the MIT license, please refer to the cc1541 source file for further information.

## Version history ##

v2.0

* The first version with a release number
* All existing modifications consolidated (hopefully)
* G64 output dependent on output file name instead of a souce code define
* Converted to ANSI C99
* MSVC build files added
* getopt removed
* simple test suite added
* bugfix: hex escape was not considered for file overwrite detection
* bugfix: first sector per track was ignored for track 1
* bugfix: default sector interleave was ignored for first file

Commit message:

Mentioning source code repository location

README.md, after:

# README #

This is cc1541 v2.0, a tool for creating Commodore 1541 Floppy disk images in D64, G64 or D71 format with custom sector interleaving etc. Also supports extended tracks 35-40 using either SPEED DOS or DOLPHIN DOS BAM-formatting.

Originally written by JackAsser, with improvements and fixes by Krill and some more improvements by Claus.

The folder test_cc1541 contains a simple test suite that will call a cc1541 binary with different commandlines and examine the resulting image file.

The program is under the MIT license, please refer to the cc1541 source file for further information. The public source code repository can be found here:
https://bitbucket.org/PTV_Claus/cc1541/src/master/

## Version history ##

v2.0

* The first version with a release number
* All existing modifications consolidated (hopefully)
* G64 output dependent on output file name instead of a souce code define
* Converted to ANSI C99
* MSVC build files added
* getopt removed
* simple test suite added
* bugfix: hex escape was not considered for file overwrite detection
* bugfix: first sector per track was ignored for track 1
* bugfix: default sector interleave was ignored for first file
